# Analysing-Tweets-Of-Squad-Data-Science-
The Squad is a group of six members of the U.S. house of representatives. They are all on the left wing of the Democratic Party, under 50 and most known for their progressive ideas.  The group currently consists of (from left to right in images):  Ilhan Omar, Minnesota Rashida Tlaib, Michigan Ayanna Pressley, Massachusetts Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (AOC), New York Jamaal Bowman, New York Cori Bush, Missouri The name "The Squad" arose after the first four members appeared in a group picture which AOC published on her Instagram with the caption "Squad" in late 2018. Since earlier this year (as announced on twitter with the caption "Squad up") Jamaal Bowman and Cori Bush have also joined the Squad. The term "squad" here refers to a self-chosen group of people with a "common identity and sense of solidarity"; the term arose in East Coast hip hop (examples: "Yeah, when I'm with my squad I cannot do no wrong" in goosebumps, Travis Scott and Kendrick Lamar; Rock N Roll, Mos Def; When Disaster Strikes, Busta Rhymes).  The ideology of The Squad and as being more than a group of political leaders is captured in the following quote by Ayanna Pressley:  We are more than four people. We ran on a mandate to advocate for and to represent those ignored, left out, and left behind. Our squad is big. Our squad includes any person committed to creating a more equitable and just world.  Issues that The Squad advocate for include Medicare for All, tuition-free public college, the Green New Deal, ending institutional racism, preventing discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender and abolishing U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement among others. They are outspoken and are changing the political landscape in the U.S.  On that note, we thought it would be interesting to get to know a bit more about them and the recent political landscape in North America by analysing The Squad's tweets from the past year.  Data The data can be found under the folder data. Within the data folder, there are two files with identical content: the_squad.csv and the_squad.xlsx. Pick one of them to use in this assignment. Each of these files contains twitter data on tweets (every row is one tweet) by the members of The Squad such as the tweet text, the time at which it was posted, the number of times it is retweeted and liked.  FYI: This data was acquired from Twitter using their API and the Tweepy module (see notebook 6 if you're interested).  Tasks We would like to look through some recent tweets of the members of The Squad, and be able to understand certain characteristics of their tweets and through that their online presence and what they stand for.  Make your code and results as pretty as possible, and feel free to use tabs and enumeration when printing text and formatting for the visualisations.  This assignment is about getting familiar with Pandas' methods — we suggest going through the lecture and seminar notebooks on Pandas again. You can of course use any course material in this assignment!  You are not limited to the structure of the cells below with # Your code here only. Organise your code the way you think is most readible and appropriate.
